# Nonexistent Neighbours: Melbourne Imagined by AI

https://fungobungaloid.github.io/naibourhoods/

None of these Melburnians are real. They're all figments of AI's* imagination.

I asked one AI to dream up what it believes a 'stereotypical resident' looks like for each suburb in Melbourne, and then asked another AI to show me a picture of them.

This isn't intended to be a thumbs up or down to AI technology. And you'll probably spot the current limits of these tools in some of the personas, images, and text that they've generated. It's just a playful exploration into the world of generative AI models, with Melbourne as the stage.

---

### So, How was it made?

I fed a list of Melbourne's suburbs into GPT-4 and asked it to get creative.

It was prompted to conjure up a stereotypical resident for each suburb, complete with all the personal trimmings – their name, age, occupation, hobbies, even a summary of their worldview.

Then, using these virtual personas, GPT-4 also crafted two more things: A quote which captures their spirit, and a prompt for an AI image generation service (Midjourney V6, in this case).

The result? This website! A collection of AI-generated Melburnians, each with their own story, all 100% generated by some of the most capable AI tools currently available.**

So, have a wander through your digital neighborhood. It's a little glimpse into what AI thinks life in Melbourne is like – minus the real people, of course! 🤖

---


*For those who cringe at calling these tools 'AI' because they aren't 'real' Artificial Intelligence: I hear you, I see you, I agree with you, but the battle has been lost.

**As of January 2024, at least. Expect all of this to be obsolete in a few months!
